Add Worker releases to Upgrade Worker guide (#37513)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/guide/upgrade_worker.md

- RPM: Run the command `sudo yum install observability-pipelines-worker-2.17.0`.

<div class="alert alert-warning"><strong>Breaking change:</strong> The Generate Metrics processor now emits the raw field name as the tag key for <code>group_by</code> entries that contain characters outside of <code>[a-zA-Z0-9_@]</code>, such as <code>http.status_code</code> and <code>kube-cronjob</code>. Previously, the processor added a trailing underscore (<code>_</code>) to tag keys that contained those characters. For example, the tag key <code>http.status_code</code> became <code>http.status_code_</code> because the key contained a period (<code>.</code>).<br><br>After upgrading to Worker 2.17, update any dashboards, monitors, alerts, or notebooks that use tag keys with the trailing underscore to use those tag keys without the underscore. Historical datapoints remain queryable under the old tag key. Pipelines whose <code>group_by</code> entries only use names matching <code>[a-zA-Z0-9_@]+</code> are not affected.</div>

Worker version 2.17.0 gives you access to the following:

#### New features

- For the Custom Processor:

>     - VRL string literals now support `\u{HEX}` Unicode escape sequences. Any valid Unicode scalar value can be expressed, such as `"hello\u{1F30E}world"`. Invalid sequences, such as empty braces, non-hex digits, surrogate codepoints, or values above U+10FFFF, are reported as compile-time errors.

Reviewer: @maycmlee I'm assuming our rules around temporal language are relaxed a little in cases like this (release notes and similar)?

Author: Yes, for this doc the temporal language is okay. Thanks for checking!

    - The `parse_regex` function now accepts dynamic regex patterns (variables and runtime expressions), consistent with `parse_regex_all`. When the pattern is a literal, return type information remains precise based on named capture groups.

#### Enhancements

- The Generate Metrics processor's performance has been improved to reduce CPU overhead when using `group_by` tag labels.
- For the Custom Processor, the performance of `parse_regex_all` has been improved by reusing the compiled regex across invocations.
- The Splunk HEC source now supports the `enabled` field on `valid_tokens` entries. Disabled tokens are excluded from authentication and enrichment.

#### Fixes

- HTTP metrics emitted by the Quota processor's background sync now have correct component tags (`component_kind:transform`, `component_type:quota`, `component_id:quota_global_state`).
- The Enrichment Table processor using Reference Tables now skips sending empty event batches, preventing fatal errors with disk buffers.

> - The Generate Metrics processor now uses a static component ID so that associated metrics share the same `component_id` across workers and restarts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Generate Metrics processor now uses a static component ID so that associated metrics share the same `component_id` across Workers and restarts.
```

It looks like this is capitalized elsewhere, but disregard if this is a different kind of worker and doesn't need to be capitalized

Author: Ah, yes worker should be capitalized, thanks!

- An issue with parsing filter queries that contain whitespace inside parentheses, such as `service:( web OR api )`, has been fixed.
- Live Capture now works correctly for sources with multiple named output ports, such as the OpenTelemetry source.
- An issue where a Worker crash could occur if a source or a processor sends an empty event batch to the next component has been fixed.
- For the Custom Processor:
    - Error messages and unused variable diagnostics have been fixed. The processor now reports every unhandled error in a single compilation.

>     - You can now use `SCREAMING_SNAKE` case in functions such as `pascalcase` and `camelcase`.

Reviewer: I've never seen the term SCREAMING_SNAKE before but I enjoy it 😆

    - The `encode_proto` and `parse_proto` functions now support proto maps whose keys are integers or Booleans, not only strings.

---

## Worker version 2.16.1

To upgrade to Worker version 2.16.1:

- Docker: Run the `docker pull` command for the [2.16.1 image][45].
- Kubernetes: See the [Helm chart][2] and [Upgrade the Worker][37].
- APT: Run the command `apt-get install observability-pipelines-worker=2.16.1`.
- RPM: Run the command `sudo yum install observability-pipelines-worker-2.16.1`.

Worker version 2.16.1 gives you access to the following:

#### Fixes

> - The Worker no longer fails when fetching configurations in non-US1 datacenters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Worker no longer fails when fetching configurations in non-US1 data centers.
```

---

## Worker version 2.16.0

To upgrade to Worker version 2.16.0:

- Docker: Run the `docker pull` command for the [2.16.0 image][44].
- Kubernetes: See the [Helm chart][2] and [Upgrade the Worker][37].
- APT: Run the command `apt-get install observability-pipelines-worker=2.16.0`.
- RPM: Run the command `sudo yum install observability-pipelines-worker-2.16.0`.

Worker version 2.16.0 gives you access to the following:

#### New features

- [Databricks Zerobus][47] destination: Send log data to Databricks Unity Catalog tables using the Zerobus ingestion service. The Databricks destination supports OAuth 2.0 authentication, automatic schema fetching from Unity Catalog, and protobuf batch encoding.
- The Splunk HEC source now accepts an optional `valid_tokens` list for token-based authentication managed using environment variables or a configured secrets backend.

> - The Splunk HEC source now supports enriching incoming log events using VRL decoder.

Author: ```suggestion
- The Splunk HEC source now supports enriching incoming log events using the VRL decoder.
```

    - Protobuf encoding now coerces compatible scalar types into the target field type: integers and strings are accepted for `bool` fields, and integers are accepted for `float`/`double` fields.

#### Enhancements

- mTLS support has been added to the following sources: Fluent, Logstash, OpenTelemetry (logs and metrics), Splunk HEC, Splunk TCP, HTTP/S Server, Socket, and Syslog.
- Live Capture events now include the UUID of the Worker that sent the event.
- The Reference Tables processor's buffer now emits `buffer_size_events` and `buffer_size_bytes` gauge metrics to replace the deprecated `buffer_events` and `buffer_byte_size` metrics. The deprecated metrics are still being sent for backward compatibility.
- The Datadog Logs destination now supports overrides for per-site logs endpoint using the bootstrap `logs-sites` field or `DD_OP_LOGS_<SITE>` environment variable, such as `DD_OP_LOGS_US1`. Environment variables take precedence over the bootstrap file.
- Sources now record these distribution metrics:
    - `source_send_latency_seconds`: Time spent blocking on a single events chunk send operation

>     - `source_send_batch_latency_seconds`: Encompassing all chunks within a received events batch

Author: What does this mean? What is the metric measuring?

>     - `source_send_batch_latency_seconds`: Encompassing all chunks within a received events batch

Author: ```suggestion
    - `source_send_latency_seconds`: The time it takes for the source to send a chunk of events to the next component.
    - `source_send_batch_latency_seconds`: The time it takes for the source to send a batch, which can contain multiple event chunks, to the next component.
```
